Content updates following UR (#2484)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/international-qualified-teacher-status/_after-accordion.md

## Further information

Learn more about [iQTS policy](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/international-qualified-teacher-status-iqts/introducing-the-international-qualified-teacher-status-iqts-pilot) and [iQTS Teachers’ Standards](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/international-qualified-teacher-status-teachers-standards).

Learn more about [other routes to qualified teacher status (QTS) and teaching in England](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/apply-for-qualified-teacher-status-qts-if-you-teach-outside-the-uk#apply-to-the-teaching-regulation-agency-tra).

[Find more help and guidance if you'd like to teach in England.](/come-to-england-to-teach-if-you-are-a-teacher-from-outside-the-uk)

If you already live in the UK, you should consider [applying for teacher training leading to QTS in England](/steps-to-become-a-teacher).

> This guidance relates to teaching in England. Different rules  apply to [teaching in Wales,](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/registration/practitioners-trained-outside-wales.html) [teaching in Scotland](https://teachinscotland.scot/become-a-teacher/qualified-outside-scotland/) and [teaching in Northern Ireland](https://gtcni.org.uk/registration/getting-registered).

Reviewer: @valentine-carter agree this looks slightly clunky - maybe better as a bulleted list. But let's leave as is given that this page is being moved into the new section

## Contact

To get advice about iQTS, you can:

> • call 0800 389 2500 for free from anywhere in the world, Monday to Friday between 8:30am and 5:30pm (UK local time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- call 0800 389 2500 for free from anywhere in the world, Monday to Friday between 8:30am and 5:30pm (UK local time)
```

- use the live chat service at the bottom of this page

> - sign up to [get a teacher training adviser](https://adviser-getintoteachingeducation.gov.uk/) – you’ll be asked for your phone number, email and location so a teacher training adviser can call you back in your time zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sign up to [get a teacher training adviser](https://adviser-getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/) – you’ll be asked for your phone number, email and location so a teacher training adviser can call you back in your time zone
```

> 

Reviewer: Not a comment on this line but that on line 3 (can't comment on that!) - Teachers' Standards link must have "iQTS" in it for consistency/accessibility and to differentiate it from QTS standards

Learn more about [other routes to qualified teacher status (QTS) and teaching in England](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/apply-for-qualified-teacher-status-qts-if-you-teach-outside-the-uk#apply-to-the-teaching-regulation-agency-tra).

> [Find help and guidance for international teachers who'd like to teach in England.](/come-to-england-to-teach-if-you-are-a-teacher-from-outside-the-uk)

Reviewer: "Find help and guidance for international teachers....." sounds a bit odd on this page - shouldn't it be in the second person, ie 'If you are......'?

If you already live in the UK, you should consider [applying for teacher training leading to QTS in England](/steps-to-become-a-teacher). 

> This guidance relates to teaching in England. Different rules apply to teaching in [Wales,](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/registration/practitioners-trained-outside-wales.html) [Scotland](https://teachinscotland.scot/become-a-teacher/qualified-outside-scotland/) and [Northern Ireland](https://gtcni.org.uk/registration/getting-registered).

Reviewer: This section was flagged in our DAC accessibility audit - one-word links with no context are not good for screen reader users. To address in a separate ticket/PR rather than hold up this one

Reviewer 2: I've changed this but you can see how it makes writing these lists of regional differences slihgtly awkward.

> ## Contact

Reviewer: There is some kind of nonbreaking space before 'Contact' that indents the text slightly

To get advice about iQTS, you can:

> • call 0800 389 2500 for free from anywhere in the world, Monday to Friday between 8:30am and 5:30pm (UK local time)

Reviewer: This section needs formatting as proper bullets

• use the live chat service at the bottom of this page

> • sign up to [get an adviser](https://adviser-getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/) – you’ll be asked for your phone number, email and location so a teacher training adviser can call you back in your time zone

Reviewer: Ideally this link needs to have slightly different link text eg "get a dedicated adviser" or "get a teacher training adviser" or "get an expert adviser"

Otherwise we will get flagged for accessibility - identical link text going to different links (even if ultimately they are the same destination)
